blondie when you think of all this huh
you don't like Rico the German Shepherd
you like him huh he's scary hahs he's
scary she's scary yes that's a good girl
that's how good girl that's how good
girl
you sure a pretty one yes you are love
those orange apricot ears yes I do I
love those apricot ears all your tails
going constantly isn't it yes it is this
going constantly okay i don't know when
i'll get another blonde one like you so
I got to take as many pictures as I can
before you go home Wednesday huh yes
before you go home Wednesday okay good
girl don't tell all the nice people by
say bye bye so we do a belly rub there
we go yes oh there we go there we go
good girl or that you're good girl yes
good girl good badly right look at the
tail going oh that's a good girl okay
okay good girl say bye-bye everybody see
you later